---
title: v1.3.1 Release Notes
date: 2021-08-13 19:33:36
permalink: /en/Zadig v3.4/release-notes/v1.3.1/
---

On August 13, 2021, Zadig officially released v1.3.1.

## Workflow Optimization
  1. Workflow webhook triggers add naming specification verification
  2. Workflow search interactive experience optimization

## Cloud Main Airport Scene Optimization
  1. Add naming specification verification for host name
  2. Fixed the issue of missing workflow task deployment step identification
  3. Fixed the issue of missing update environment steps when deleting services
  4. Fixed the onboarding process and invalid creation of host button

## Service Management Optimization
  1. Service name supports project level unique
  2. Fixed when creating a K8s YAML service, the loading icon is loading after the parsing failed.
  3. Fix codehub service batch import function
  4. Import Helm service to remove dry-run verification
  5. Create K8s YAML service and add prompts to edit the area
  6. Optimize K8s YAML verification error information

## System Configuration Optimization
  1. Mirror warehouses support integration Harbor
  2. LDAP User Name Format Optimization
  3. Add default mirror repository interaction optimization

## Other Requirements
  1. Add system version number on the login page
  2. Optimization of experience of clearing the owner column when switching code platform
  3. Fixed the error problem of docker build maven pull dependency
  4. When updating Helm-type integrated environments, update environment variables are not displayed to avoid repeated updates.
  5. Fixed the problem of inaccurate pulling of Huawei mirror warehouse SWR
  6. Fixed the problem of not displaying test statistics


## Historical Version Upgrade Method

### Upgrade v1.3.1 From v1.3.0

1. If v1.3.0 is installed with [`All in One 一键安装模式`](/0) and [`基于现有 Kubernetes 安装`](/1) , both are used to upgrade using scripts in [`基于现有 Kubernetes 安装`](/1) The parameters need to be re- export before executing the upgrade script.

2. v1.3.0 you use [`基于 Helm 命令安装`](/0) to install, perform the following steps to upgrade v1.3.1 :

    1. Get the helm values in the zadig environment and execute the following command.

    ```
    helm get values zadig -n zadig > zadig.yaml
    ```

    Check the zadig.yaml file. If yaml contains mirror information, it needs to be deleted manually.

    2. Execute the following command to upgrade.

    ```
    helm upgrade -f zadig.yaml zadig --namespace zadig  koderover-chart/zadig --version=1.3.1
    ```

### Upgrade From v1.2.0 to v1.3.1

Skip version upgrade does not support, you need to upgrade to v1.3.0 first and then to v1.3.1.

1. v1.2.0 -> v1.3.0 , check [the document](/0) for the specific upgrade process
2. v1.3.0 -> v1.3.1 , check the specific upgrade process [from v1.3.0 v1.3.1](#%E4%BB%8E-v1-3-0-%E5%8D%87%E7%BA%A7-v1-3-1)


::: tip
How to view the Zadig version history information in a cluster:
You can view chart's APP VERSION through the helm command and execute the command.
```
helm list -n zadig | grep zadig
```
:::