---
title:  Core Concepts
date: 2021-08-26 16:24:00
permalink: /en/Zadig v3.4/quick-start/concepts/
---
This article introduces the core concepts related to Zadig, providing a basic understanding and overview of Zadig.

> Assume you are already familiar with the core concepts of Git, Docker, Kubernetes, and Continuous Delivery

## Project

A Zadig project can be understood as a complete business unit, product, or system, which includes workflows, environments, services, builds, tests, code scans, versions, and other resources. Users can perform service development, service deployment, integration testing, version release, and other operations in a project to continuously deliver the product.

## Workflow

A typical software development process generally includes the following steps:

> Write code -> Build -> Deploy -> Test -> Release

A workflow is the implementation of such a development process on the Zadig platform, updating services or configurations in the environment through workflows.

In the [Zadig workflow](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/project/common-workflow/), you can freely arrange tasks and customize execution steps, while also having capabilities such as configuration changes, data changes, and canary releases. Currently supported task types include: builds, deployments, tests, release strategies, project management, configuration changes, data changes, and custom tasks.

## Environment

A Zadig [environment](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/project/env/k8s/) is a collection of services, their configurations, and runtime environments, which is a one-to-one relationship with Kubernetes Namespaces. You can create multiple environments using a single set of service templates.

## Service

A [service](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/project/service/k8s/) in Zadig can be understood as a set of Kubernetes resources, including Ingress, Service, Deployment/StatefulSet/CronJob, InitContainer, ConfigMap, etc., or a complete Helm Chart or cloud/physical machine service. After successful deployment, it can provide service capabilities externally.

### Service Components

[The service component](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/env/overview/#what-is-a-service-component) is the smallest unit in which the container service in Zadig can be updated, and one service can include multiple service components.

## Build

Zadig [builds](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/project/build/) are part of the service configuration and are invoked during the workflow execution stage. They have a one-to-many relationship with services, meaning a single build can support multiple services.

## Test

Zadig [tests](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/project/test/) are resources within a project and can also be called as an optional stage in a workflow, supporting cross-project operations.

## Code scanning

Zadig [code scans](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/project/scan/) are resources within a project and support orchestration and use in custom workflows.

## Version Management

Zadig [versions](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/project/version/) are complete and reliable deliverables, such as Helm Charts or full K8s YAML configuration files.