---
title: System Administrator Manual
date: 2023-04-18 20:18:16
permalink: /en/Zadig v3.4/system-manual/
---

## Overview

This manual is written for Zadig administrators and can help you quickly manage and configure the Zadig system (such as: code source integration, account system access, image repository/object storage/Helm Chart repository/cluster management, etc.).

## Third-Party System Integration

|System       |  Description                            | Configuration Method |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------| -------|
| Account System | Access to the Unified Account System within the Enterprise |[LDAP](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/account/ldap/)<br>[OAuth 2.0](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/account/oauth2/)<br>[DingTalk](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/account/dingding/)<br>[Feishu](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/account/lark/)<br>[WeChat Work](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/account/workwx/)|
| Code Repository | Integration of the code repository used by the enterprise |[Code Source Integration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/codehost/overview/)|
| Project Management | Integration of the project management platform to automatically change the status of workflow tasks |[Jira Integration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/jira/)<br>[Feishu Project Integration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/lark/)|
| Configuration Management | Integration of configuration management tools to automatically change business configurations in workflows (Apollo configuration/Nacos configuration) |[Apollo Configuration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/configsystem/apollo/)<br>[Nacos Configuration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/configsystem/nacos/)|
| Code scanning | Integration of the Sonar system for Sonar code scanning |[Sonar Integration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/sonar/)|
| Approval System | Integration of the approval system for workflow process approval |[Approval System Integration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/approval/)|

## Infrastructure Management

|System       |  Description                            | Configuration Method |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------| -------|
| Image Repositories | Integration of the image repository used in the project |[Image Repository](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/image-registry/)|
| Object Storage | Integration of object storage for storing workflow history logs, test reports, and build caches |[Object Storage](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/object-storage/)|
| Helm Chart Repositories | Integration of the Helm Chart repository for pulling and pushing Chart services |[Helm Repository](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/helm/)|
| Cluster Management | Multi-cluster management for workflow task execution and service deployment |[Cluster Management](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/pages/cluster_manage/)|

## Advanced Usage

### Increase the Available Disk Space of the System

When the workflow execution fails due to insufficient disk space, the disk space used by the Zadig system needs to be increased. This can be addressed from two perspectives: **releasing disk space** and **increasing disk space**.

1. **Releasing Disk Space**: Access system settings -> Settings -> Cache Cleaning -> One-click cleanup to quickly release disk space.
::: tip
To avoid the cache resources generated by the system's long-term operation of the system to occupy disk space, you can set a regular cleaning. Refer to the document: [cache cleaning](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/system-settings/#%E7%BC%93%E5%AD%98%E6%B8%85%E7%90%86).
Note: After cleaning the image cache, the efficiency of the initial workflow to build the image may be affected. Please confirm that it is correct before operating.
:::

2. **Increase disk space**: Access Resourcing -> Cluster Management -> cluster, modify Dind resource configuration, adjust storage space size, reference document: [Dind Resource configuration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/pages/cluster_manage/#dind-%E8%B5%84%E6%BA%90%E9%85%8D%E7%BD%AE).

### Workflow Build Efficiency Optimization

::: tip
Optimize the execution efficiency of workflow builds from the perspectives of workflow configuration and cluster resource configuration. The following methods can all improve workflow execution efficiency:
1. Enable build caching to save build execution time
2. Use higher-spec build resources
3. Configure workflow concurrent execution
4. Use PVC resources as cache storage media
5. Use higher-configured Dind resources
:::

**Enabling Build Caching**

Access the project -> Build -> Advanced Configuration, enable cache configuration and customize the cache directory. You can refer to the document: [Workflow Build Cache](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/workflow/cache/#%E5%B7%A5%E4%BD%9C%E7%A9%BA%E9%97%B4%E7%BC%93%E5%AD%98).

**Build Resource Configuration**

Visit the project -> Build -> Advanced Configuration, select a higher-spec operating system configuration, refer to the documentation: [Build Advanced Configuration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/project/build/#%E9%AB%98%E7%BA%A7%E9%85%8D%E7%BD%AE).

**Enabling Workflow Concurrent Execution**

1. Access system settings -> System configuration -> task configuration, set the number of task concurrency, refer to the document: [task configuration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/settings/system-settings/#%E4%BB%BB%E5%8A%A1%E9%85%8D%E7%BD%AE).
2. Edit workflow -> Turn on concurrent execution, refer to the document: [Workflow runs concurrently](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/project/common-workflow/#%E9%AB%98%E7%BA%A7%E9%85%8D%E7%BD%AE).

**Setting Cluster Cache Resource Configuration**

Access Resourcing -> Cluster Management-> Edit the cache resource configuration of the cluster, refer to the document: [cache resource configuration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/pages/cluster_manage/#%E7%BC%93%E5%AD%98%E8%B5%84%E6%BA%90%E9%85%8D%E7%BD%AE).

**Setting Cluster Dind Resource Configuration**

Access Resourcing -> Cluster Management-> Edit cluster's Dind resource configuration, reference document: [Dind resource configuration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/pages/cluster_manage/#dind-%E8%B5%84%E6%BA%90%E9%85%8D%E7%BD%AE).

### Configuring Task Scheduling Resources

> Set the cluster's scheduling policy to schedule tasks to run on specified nodes, ensuring efficient resource usage.

Access Resourcing -> Cluster Management -> Edit the scheduling policy of the cluster, refer to the document: [Scheduling policy configuration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/pages/cluster_manage/#%E8%AE%BE%E7%BD%AE%E8%B0%83%E5%BA%A6%E7%AD%96%E7%95%A5).

Scenario 1: All available nodes in the cluster can be used to run tasks, choose random scheduling.
Scenario 2: Only tasks are allowed to run on specified nodes, add a dedicated label to the nodes, and choose forced scheduling.
Scenario 3: All available nodes in the cluster can be used to run tasks, but you want to prioritize certain nodes, add labels to the nodes, and choose priority scheduling.
Scenario 4: To achieve finer-grained resource scheduling, add taints to nodes and configure tolerations in the scheduling policy.

### Multi-Cluster Resource Management

> To achieve fine-grained cluster resource management, such as different teams' projects using different cluster resources.

Access Resourcing -> Cluster Management -> Add cluster. Refer to the document: [Cluster Management](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/pages/cluster_manage/).
For different network situations, use different methods to access the cluster:
1. External clusters that can access the cluster where Zadig is located can use a proxy connection.
2. The cluster where Zadig is located can access external clusters and use a direct connection.