---
title: v1.5.0 Release Notes
date: 2021-09-30 20:23
permalink: /en/Zadig v4.1/release-notes/v1.5.0/
---

Zadig v1.5.0 was released on September 30, 2021.

## Feature List
1. Supports Kubernetes-based hosting projects
2. Support projects based on Helm deployment scenarios
3. Supports the creation of custom namespace names in the integrated environment
4. Support custom image format resolution Helm service

## Defect Repair
1. Fixed the issue where Webhook pull request triggered the lost information in the test task
2. Fixed the "/" issue with integrated JIRA system URL resolution
3. Fixed the environment cannot be updated after adding multiple shared services

## System Optimization
1. Optimize branch selection and Pull Request efficiency when executing workflows
2. Optimize operation log content
3. Optimize database performance
4. Several experience optimizations

## Version Upgrade Method

::: warning

1. If it has been officially used, make a backup of the database before upgrading
    1. Database backup command: mongodump -h IP --port port -u Username -p Password -d Database -o File existence path
    2. Database recovery command: mongorestore -h ip --port port -u Username -p Password -d Database --drop file storage path
2. If the current system version is available < v1.3.1 please upgrade to v1.3.1 first. For the specific upgrade process, please refer to [the v1.3.1 upgrade method](/0) , and then upgrade to v1.5.0
:::

1. If you use [`All in One 一键安装模式`](/0) and [`基于现有 Kubernetes 安装`](/1) to install, both use the scripts in [`基于现有 Kubernetes 安装`](/1) to upgrade. You need to re export parameters before executing the upgrade script.

2. If you use [`基于 Helm 命令安装`](/0) to install, perform the following steps to upgrade v1.5.0

    1. Get the helm values in the zadig environment and execute the following command.

    ```
    helm get values zadig -n zadig > zadig.yaml
    ```

    Check the zadig.yaml file. If yaml contains mirror information, it needs to be deleted manually.

    2. Execute the following command to upgrade.

    ```
    helm upgrade -f zadig.yaml zadig --namespace zadig  koderover-chart/zadig --version=1.5.0
    ```