---
title: Alerts
date: 2024-06-05 13:49:33
permalink: /en/Zadig v3.4/stable/alter-rules/
---

## Alarm Rules

This section introduces the alarm items configured in [the monitoring alarm configuration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/stable/monitoring-alter-config/#%E5%91%8A%E8%AD%A6%E8%A7%84%E5%88%99%E9%85%8D%E7%BD%AE). For details of the specific alarm rules, please refer to [the monitoring alarm configuration](/en/Zadig%20v3.4/stable/monitoring-alter-config/#%E5%91%8A%E8%AD%A6%E8%A7%84%E5%88%99%E9%85%8D%E7%BD%AE). Here we only introduce the rule description and processing methods.

#### CPU Usage Percentage
- **Rule description**: An alert is triggered when the CPU usage percentage of any service in aslan, user, cron, dind, plutus-vendor, or hub-server exceeds 80% within a 5-minute period.
- **Handling method**: Increase the CPU limit for the corresponding service.

#### Memory Usage Percentage
- **Rule description**: An alert is triggered when the memory usage percentage of any service in aslan, user, cron, dind, plutus-vendor, or hub-server exceeds 80% within a 5-minute period.
- **Handling method**: Increase the memory limit for the corresponding service.

#### Service Health Status
- **Rule description**: An alert is triggered when any of the services in aslan, user, dind, plutus-vendor, hub-server, or zadig-portal is in an unhealthy state.
- **Handling method**: Check the logs, events, and other details of the corresponding pod to identify and resolve the issue.

#### Status Code 5xx Alarm
- **Rule description**: An alert is triggered when the average number of 5xx status codes exceeds 10 within a 5-minute period.
- **Handling method**: Check the logs, events, and other details of the aslan service pod to identify and resolve the issue.

#### Request Return Time P95
- **Rule description**: An alert is triggered when the P95 of the average response time exceeds 2 seconds within a 5-minute period.
- **Handling method**: Check the logs, resource usage, and other details of the aslan service pod to identify and resolve the issue.